hey - boss bang rehearsing for the
regional championships this weekend
the band will be competing against 60
other local bands for place in the
national finals so Simon how long have
you been conducting the hey dodge brass
band almost 10 years how do you think
they're gonna do in the competition this
Saturday oh this is a really hard piece
I think a lot of bands are gonna find it
really hard and we play very well so
there's no reason why we shouldn't be in
the top three it's the day of the
championships and the band attend one
final rehearsal before setting off to
Bradford hey dad's are in the first
section out of five with the
championship section of being top today
they will be playing for
I've got a really good feeling about
today I think you know I've been being
around a long time and being around
bands quite that quite a long time you
get a feeling when days are going well
and when things are going well and I
think confidences I the plains good and
I think we will do well today
all right today I think everybody's
playing well it just depends how nervous
everybody is
spirits are high on the coach journey
for st. George's Hall where the
championships are just moments away
so receptive a sponge receipt the
second-place trophy check for underpants
and obviously an invitation to represent
Yorkshire if the national finals are
very good September the second first one
is the Bangla plate number four